[Music]
Peppa, I want your autograph.  A
kiss, you, you, you, you.  Damn,
this just gave me stress, huh?  It
really creeps me out when they argue about things
they are not responsible for and they
could even be liable to face crying.
Also, thinking that this way of being
famous is for the pride of everyone, but
it's content and for French toast.  A kiss,
a kiss, Gustavo.  One missing, man.
Pepa, a coffee for you.  A kiss,
a kiss.  Thank you so much.  Thank you very much,
Ray.  Well, one more missing, huh?  We've already reached
the first one, haven't we?  Once we arrive, please
don't donate any more because I have a
second goal to set.  Okay, this man is
really going to give a damn. I
sincerely would love to know
who he is, eh, I have no suspicions
whatsoever.  Um, although it seems that I don't know if he has
alluded to someone, but I don't
know.  But the truth is, I'm worried, Wilson,
your state of mental health worries me
a lot.  You have treatment, balls.
So, you're live
tweeting that you're watching the live stream.
You're live tweeting that you're
watching the live stream.  Javi Oliveira says,
ask for ideas.  Pepa, it's over.  It's over
because I decided to.  Tata.  And for
challenge achieved, Wilson, uh, sorry,
Wilson, really.  I know this
bothers you, but I'm sorry.  I'll put the
second one, okay?  So, you wanna know
where I'm going on vacation, man?
You comment on every word I say, change your
bun.  The second objective begins.
Courage to Peppa.  Ha ha.  Two.  The
second objective begins.  Wilson.  Yes, yes, that
's what Wilson has.  Look.  Oh, okay.  One who
is saying this because when he put
this someone comes up with an idea,
right?  Where should I go on vacation?  I
thought he was criticizing me for going on
vacation, because he thinks
everything I do is wrong.  Tamara, a kiss.
Do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content on your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney Plus,
CyberGhost, or VPN?  And I don't know if you
know this, but there is content that is
n't available in your country.  And with this
little trick you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP.  And aside from
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can tell who you are or
where you are, it also lets you access
certain content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, in media,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that doesn't
allow you to.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data.
Ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get up to 83%
off using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cyberghost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video.  What pate do
we want?  And he's saying this because they
want me to go to Thailand, they say
I'm a really bad friend for not going to
Thailand with Fran to be there with
him.  You know, we'll talk about it later,
because Pepa
also said something about that.  Okay,
okay, okay, okay, okay.  Well, Wilson,
well, good idea, good idea, Wilson.
We will take it into account, we will take it into
account.  Okay, thanks for your input,
Wilson.  Thank you for your contribution.  Hambi,
change your cologne, I'm worried about your
emotional and physical well-being.  No, no,
but J are tough, huh?  But on
top of that, at least if I
were a stalker like them, I wouldn't
be ashamed.  Look, he is indeed
ashamed because in part he doesn't do it by
showing his face because he knows that by showing his
face he knows what is happening to him by showing his face.
The first thing is the complaints that at a
legal level are not his harassment and the second is that it
may make him worse, do you understand?  And
then he tries to see if without showing his
face because without showing his face you
answer him, you make him look ridiculous, but
nobody knows who he is.  So, in the end,
what is it?  You're making a fool of
a ball avatar, you know what I mean?
So that's why he doesn't do it by showing his
face, you know?  So, until he
does it and shows his face, it seems like what he
says isn't worth a damn.
Antioxidant for Peppa.  Antioxidant.  But
notice that they don't mind
publicly acknowledging that they are
watching it live, it's not like
saying, "Well, I'll get a
click tomorrow."  No, no, you
're watching it live.  If I leave, what do you do?
Come on, I'm in for this one too.  A kiss,
a kiss, Josefina.  You're up
for everything, daughter.  Hey, thanks a lot,
huh.  Damn, thank you all so much for
the goal.  Damn, Pepa,
for you, but for Javi.  A kiss, a
kiss.  Well, let's go for the
second one.  Do you think we'll make it to the
second one?  I don't think so.  No, of course, going to
Thailand is like taking the Seville-
Madrid train.  You're not [ __ ] around.  Yes, Elara.  Then
when we're seeing what Pepa says
, we'll talk about it, okay?  But yes,
yes.  According to these people, since Fran
is in a bad way and has withdrawn from
Seda's public life like Peppa's,
I'm a bad friend because I'm not going to
Thailand.  If tomorrow I end up in
Thailand, no, I won't just be a bad friend,
I'll be a bad friend and self-serving because I'm
going to Thailand to make a profit.
Let's go for the second Pepita, a kiss.
And if I go to Thailand and don't make a video, I'll
do it to clean up my image.  I mean, they
have, don't worry, they
have an answer for everything.  Mara
Patio celebrates her victory over Antonio
David.  I have definitely won the
bird.  This was a tweet that
Mara Patio posted the other day, which she didn't mention
here in the press release. I was hoping to
see it, but anyway, the tweet
was basically this one.  I have definitely won
the bird.  You haven't gone into much
more detail, at least not that I know of,
okay?  And this was more or less
expected.  Uh uh honestly, okay,
honestly, it doesn't seem very good to me
.  I don't know if you'll agree
with me, okay?  I know that here I am followed by
people who are big fans of Antonio Av and I am
also followed by people who really
dislike Antonio Av.  To be
honest, man, I mean, it's not fair to me
that Mara Patio should leave Rositas without
any consequences after
having done the atrocity that she did.  It
isn't true.  Ah, that's not true.  But
how come it's not true?  I'm having a
bad time and you give me life.  A kiss,
Josefina.  Well, I'm glad.  You
give it to me too.  You guys are the ones who
give it to me.  Let's see, well, let's
see.  Extract has won in the criminal case, we
will have to wait and see the civil case.  Ah, well,
Pepi, I mean, what is it that
Antonio came out and had to say?
That a civilian has put in now.  Ah,
well, okay, perfect.  But for now,
but for now he has won.  So,
Antonio Avid's answer, let's
see it.  Antonio Vic's response
was that Mario Patio didn't win,
which isn't true.  That's what he said.  I
can't believe he said it's not
true.  Okay, wait, let's
[Music]
move it.  That tweet she posted
saying she definitely won.  I said
on yesterday's live that I was lying.  If
we compared her to a good professional,
in this case a professional who lied.
But why is he lying?  He has won.  For
God's sake.  And by God.  Resilience.
King, I loved you before I was born.  Kisses from my
Grandma.  A kiss.  Give him a kiss from me,
man.  Also, of course.  Give him a kiss.
Hey, thanks to everyone who's
resubscribing on Twitch, I
'm watching you, okay?  There are already 10.
Let's see, but no, why are you saying that it
's a lie?  In other words, Mara
Patio has won in the
Provincial Court.  I don't know if Antonio Avil is going to
appeal to the Supreme Court.  It would
seem like an outrage to me and an
unnecessary waste of money for the world of
football. Messi, in other words, would have
the Golden Ball of lies.  I understand
that you continue to lie publicly as you have
done for all these past
years.  I understand why you say it's a
lie.  It's going to appear to me,
right?  That she is convicted and says that she wins the
trial.  I understand your harassers, Javi.   I
can't stop watching you and I keep watching
your old videos.  I'll be a stalker
too.  Thoughtful face is a good
shape, a little cloudy, isn't it?  No, but that's
a good way to look at it too.  Hey, it
's another point of view, it could be an
explanation.  Let's see, I have it clear.  I
mean, I have it clear.  Hey, these people
get up and go to bed every day
thinking about what Javi is going to upload, to see
if Javi is coming online yet.  Let's see where
Javi is today.  Let's see if he posts a tweet.   I
understand.  If I leave, we will make their
lives miserable.  I make their lives bitter.  Years
since the change of heart, because of that
interest she has, right?, in
destroying me, she says she's
definitely won, and I insist, she's lying
again to her audience and the people who
follow her.  The Provincial Court assesses
everything the first-instance judge says in the same way
.  He invites me to
sue you in civil proceedings.  Well, yes,
let's see, let's see.  That, that's what
they always do.  I've seen that in
every libel and
slander case, right?  Well, in every
libel and slander case,
when your complaint is dismissed,
the judge always tells you, "
What this person did has no criminal repercussions
."  Could you check if it
has a civil case, okay?
But at least for the criminal case,
that's not the justice system telling you that you're
going to win in the civil case, no matter what.  That
's not the case.  I mean, they always tell you that.   That
is, he is telling you, at least in
the criminal type of
slander, it does not fit.  If there are other
instances it is not definitive.  By the way,
can you tell me what my
Twitch name is?  What name do you have
praying hands?  Yeah, man, of course, if there's another
instance it's not definitive, eh,
maybe he's implying that he's going to
appeal it, but anyway.  What is
my Twitch stream name?  And what do I know?  And what do I
know?  Well, it could be Mara Ignacia or
Judith, I don't know, my dear, you tell me.  It's no
good to me, it's no good to me, you have to know how to
lose too, okay?  That is, and that's it.
By right to honor, to privacy, to
my own image.  So, I saw that
the What do you say, Carolina?  How do you see
Trium getting into your piles?  What do you say,
Carolina?  What are you talking about,
Carolina?  What the hell have we
gotten Trium into?  What do you say, Carolina?
What the heck happened to you?  tell me.
Hey, he posted a tweet celebrating his
ultimate victory.  Aside from
insulting me again and mocking me
with a term that is
also included in the macro-lawsuit,
by the way.  As I say, they're not going to
condemn anyone because they
call you the bird, really.  Here
we are with the issue of little animals,
the sentences for and asking for sentences
for calling people little animals.
The bird is not a humiliating nickname either
, there must be some
sanity.  He must have some
sanity.  Well, I don't see any
sanity here, huh?  No way, there's no one
chatting or subscribing to
Sanity here.  I also tell you, uh, forgive me
because I'm not that busy either. I have
like 1000 Twit screens
open here.  I now have 11
subscribers, but you know, a little bottle of
water, a little bottle of water for Pepa
to be winking at.  Thanks Nancy,
beautiful.  In this second ruling,
the Provincial Court
upheld the first-
instance verdict. It's not just that
Mara Patio won, it's that Mara Patio
admits she's lying and has no
intention of committing fraud, which is why she can't be
convicted.  And in court,
he won.  He has won.  In other words, it doesn't
say that Mara
Patio won, it's that she can't be convicted.
has won.  I mean, really, I mean, I
've lost complaints, lawsuits, okay?
In which Javi, they are already
blaming you for Trium and Joaqun's fight,
well I don't know what Carolina is going to explain to us
because I see them capable of
blaming me for Joaqun and
Trium's fight, which I am just
getting up to date today and finding out today
what happened to them and I am beginning to
see.  I'll comment on it when I've soaked it
all in, but what the hell do I have to do with it,
man?  You guys have a serious problem with that,
huh?  I mean, you can't blame me for the
rain, the storm,
whatever, all these things that are
happening in Spain, right?  But you can't
say you haven't lost, Antonia, you have
lost, you have filed a complaint and you have
lost.  I do not agree.  I mean, it does
n't seem right to me, it seemed like
slander to me, honestly, but well, I was
wrong in my opinion.  Now, it
seems outrageous to me that Mara
Patio is stepping down, having said
something outrageous with such repercussions.
Carolina says, "Carolina is not
stupid."  Well Carolina, explain it to us.  Let's
see, what have we gotten ourselves into?  What am
I involved in with Trium?  tell me.  He hasn't
lost, he just hasn't won, as
the troll says.  Ah, well it could be a It's
true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it
could be that.  Wait, wait, that
could be it.  Wait, wait, that
could be it,
huh?  Let's see,
wait.  The one from Troy giving his opinion on
Antonio David's last trial and
Mara Patio's victory.  Well, the
fact is that I love Pepita.  Very
good, that's how I like it.  We're already 12 super
chats into the second challenge, and you're being
very polite.  Well, the fact is that
Joan Planas lost.  No, he hasn't won.
Come on, this is like a tie.
Technical pate.  3 33. Well, the fact is that
Joan Planas lost.  No, he hasn't won.  He
hasn't won.  Well, that's it.  Well, Antonio
David has not lost.  Mara Patio has not won
.  In fact, I would say that Antonio Avin Costas has now been
sentenced in the Provincial Court
.  Well, I don't know this
because they're not going to say it, but I think
that since he appealed now to the
Provincial Court, they will have ordered
him to pay the costs, which won't be small, I think.
Uh, I mean, I don't know, but I
understand that, of course, if you have appealed and you
lose, the costs of the
Provincial Court, at least those
of the first instance, no, but those of the
Provincial Court, the palms.   He
admits to His Lordship's questions
that he lied, that he lied that
day and that he lied about all the information he gave,
but it doesn't matter, lying is not
lying, it's not illegal.  Lying is not
illegal.  What's wrong with me,
okay?  What I find wrong is that there
isn't a
that there isn't compensation or
a fine because, of course, you're
accusing him of a crime.  It's not a lie
like, "Oh, look how ridiculous he is, he's
putting up posters, man."  It's not that it's
an accusation that implies that if
Antonio Avi is doing that, he would be
simulating a crime.  Of course, it's
completely false.  eh judicially,
legally, for the commission
or imputation of the crime of slander to exist,
in this case, there must be
intentionality.  His Lordship understands that there is
no crime then.  Indeed,
his lordship gives him a dressing down where he comes
to tell him that he is not credible.
Tropical drink to my health.  Tropical drink.
Very good.  I do like that.
More Sorcotilla.  Man, at least don't
ruin the woman's night.  A
friend.  It's clear you weren't in
Lord of Trium because you called him for the
painting.  Anyway, even if your friend
is Trium, you shouldn't dwell on the subject.
If I'm into gossip, of course I'll
try it.  Of course I'll
try.  That's right.  I know more or less
where they're going, huh?  I mean, obviously,
uh, the things Joaqun said in
this last live broadcast he did yesterday were
wrong.  I don't know if he really
thinks that way, but he was wrong.  But
I'm dedicated to gossip, so obviously I
'm going to comment on the topics.  Just like I
mentioned about Begoa Herpe, with
all my love, all my support, and
wishing her the best, I don't
agree with the story that I'm
going to Andorra because Pedro
Snchez is chasing me, do you
understand?  I mean, that doesn't make sense to me,
really.  There's no way to get it,
but I support her, you know what I mean?  and
I get along very well with her and what's more,
I'm dedicated to this.  They have to
understand that, that he joins me.  I'm not
going to disrespect Joaqun,
Trium, or anyone, but I'm going to
comment on it when I get a
handle on the topic and when I find out
everything that's happened and Trium
finishes responding.  Of course.  That's
my I'm my that.  Cheer up Peppa.  Everything will go
like silk, like your curtain.  That's my
positive messages self.
Positive messages.
As a professional, she should have
verified the news and information, and
that there was professional negligence on her part in
failing to comply with all the
requirements that correspond to a
professional in the information world.
Therefore, His Honor made it very
clear that she was a liar and that she had
zero credibility and that on top of that she was a bad
professional, which is why, yes, Antonio
Davidn, that the judge
must have told Mara Patio that she
lied, but that the judge considers that
this lie is not a crime.  If lying
were a crime, most of us YouTubers would be in jail
, right?  In other words,
the judge told Mara Patio
that she was a poor professional for not having
properly verified the information.  Well,
very well, fine, perfect.  But that's
a criticism that
any YouTuber could have made.  Now, you
lost the trial, you won the trial,
Mara Patio, which I understand makes you
angry.  If it seems to me, it doesn't
seem fair to me, really.  That is, there will
be no repercussions for having
done such a tremendous atrocity.  It seems to me
, but you've lost your
mind, and you can later sugarcoat it
and say, "No, but the
judge called you a liar."  Yeah, yeah.
But the judge's job
is not to charge someone whether they lie or are
sincere.  The judge's job is to
charge or not charge a crime.  Okay?
Well no, he has not committed a crime.  Mara
Patio, the malpractice she had employed is a liar
.  Hence, His Honor
says that since she admitted to having
lied in court and said that those
statements were made without any
intention of harming me, His
Honor says there was no crime and she is
acquitted.  You have not won anything, you continue
lying in the same way and you continue
deceiving people and you continue
boasting that you are the great professional
of lying and that you have
zero credibility, eh, as is evident
in your statement in court in
this case, that you had to admit that
you were lying because you were afraid of being
criminally convicted and probably that
justice would order you to pay the
120,000 that was initially
requested of you and seized from you.  And he's
also lying to the media that
reports the news, because what he's saying
is false.  When she says she's
definitely won, I'm surprised the
media picks up on the
news like that and doesn't give her a run for her money and
say, "We want to tell you, Mara
Patio, that you're a liar and that
as a professional, you're doing harm and
damaging the image of
professionals."  That doesn't matter, but that has
nothing to do with it.  I mean, yes, that's
obvious, I mean, yes, yes,
yes, yes, it seems to me that Carlota
Corredera is a
selective feminist, but that's not a crime.  That
is not a crime.  I mean, eh, and there are many
professionals who seem to me to be very
unprofessional.  Very good, very good, very
good.  Yes, yes, that's very good, but what
crime isn't it, what crime isn't there, that you've
won the trial, that there's no more.  And
so we can't accept that headline
as true because it isn't, because the
Provincial Court's ruling
upholds the first one, but as
everyone knows, there's the possibility of
filing an appeal to the
Supreme Court.  Everyone knows what
the Supreme Court is, right?  But it
turns out that the media
that picked up the news she gave, to
whom she also thanks
the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court,
eh, is not going to admit your appeal.  The
Supreme Court is not going to admit your
appeal because the Supreme Court, and
come on, I would be very surprised if
Antonio David appealed to the Supreme Court, but
well, the other time it didn't make sense to me either and he
did.  Well, the Supreme Court
transmits the appeal if it has
cassation interest.  That is, the issue here is very
clear.  The issue here is very
clear: you want to spend more
money on the appeal and then, if you
lose, you'll face more convictions for more things,
but it has no cassation interest
whatsoever.  I mean, what an absurd way to
manipulate the audience, man.  I mean,
if we're being honest, if we're
talking... These things really get on my
nerves, okay?  I mean,
if we're talking about
justice having to be respected, and we've
mentioned that the case was
dismissed by seven judges and all
that, we can't just take an
acquittal order and turn it around.  I mean,
it doesn't work like that.  Antonio David, the
blue tide, yes, the blue tide is your
fan club, okay?  Or the e-believers,
Antonio de Beavers, okay?  Those are your
fan clubs, and they're going to come out tomorrow and
say, "No, it's not that
Antonio David won, he won. They let
Mara Patio go, and she won."  No, here is
a criminal complaint against Mara Patio.  Okay,
in fact, in fact, uh, Mara Patio is being
reported for two crimes and if
I'm not mistaken, the complaint is filed by Antonio David and
Roco Flores.  They both denounce her.  But what's
more, wait because there's more
theory Tania.  If you are a whistleblower, you never
lose.  If they don't give you the reasons why
the judges are wrong, but not
crying with laughter and your hand on your
forehead.  Kiss.  Thank you so much.
Unless Javi Oliveira is involved, unless
Javi Oliveira is involved.  If you have
Javi Oliveira involved, it depends on
what position Javi Oliveira ends up in.  What
Antonio is doing seems
ridiculous to me, a tremendous joke, and
a lack of respect for all of us who
have supported his cause.  Okay?  Because?
Because we were here and I'm taking
down this video because this is going on, I
think it's a joke and I'm taking it down, okay?  I
mean, no, Antonio David, tremendous
manipulator, okay?  Yes, we are here
respecting that Antonio David has not
mistreated Roco Carrasco, because we
may find what
Antonio David has done to Roco
Carrasco very bad and ugly, but the judges do not consider it to
be criminal.  The judges believe it was
a fight between the two sides, who were
exchanging jokes on television, but there
is no evidence of a crime.  Seven judges,
okay?  Now we're not going to take on a
claim that Antonio David loses, but
we're going to go from start to finish and say that
Antonio David wins.  In other words, an
acquittal for Mara Patio,
later confirmed by the
provincial court, doesn't lose, that is,
Mara Patio doesn't win.  That's
it, what interpretation is it?  The width and
the funnel.  A kiss, Nazars.  Javi,
when we love you 24 hours a day.
Probably at noon.  Probably
mid-month.  Antonio Vid, you
have lost the complaint against Mara Patio,
but from beginning to end.  From the title of
the complaint to the signature.  From there
you have lost the complaint.  Point number
one, it was a complaint that you and
Roco Flores filed against Mara Patio and the
owners of the television factory.  First,
Roco Flores is rejected, and the
owners of the TV factory are
fired.  And then on top of that, Mara Patio was charged
with two crimes: libel and slander.
Hello, Javi.  What do you think about Sergio
saying that there
are only two people who think Ricky will be kicked out of Andorra?  I
stick to it, I take refuge.  Well,
surely they will all be delayed
based, based.  Eh, it was apart from the fact that they
rejected the topic for Roco Flores and they
took Roco Flores off the topic and they took
the owners of the TV factory off the topic and they didn't charge them
, okay?  Antonio
David, you are filing a complaint for two crimes:
libel and slander.  And the slander claim is
rejected without going to trial.  The one from
Caluas is rejected without going to court.
They admit insults, indications of the crime
of insults.  And the trial is only
for slander.  And you still go to court with
the slander charge and lose.  In other words, you've
lost the part of Roco
Flores' complaint.  You have lost the case against the
owners of the TV factory.  You have
lost the insults and you have lost the
slander.  You have lost the complaint, but
from the owner to the signature, that is, you have not
even won the names of the
accused, you have not won anything.  Man, don't
me No, man, please, no, man,
no.  We've posted videos here on YouTube that
we've made, a video I made that has
2,000 views here, I made a
video on Facebook that has 2,000
views demanding that
justice be respected for this man because Roseo
Carrasco filed a complaint and it was not admitted
for processing and he presented clowning.  Man,
no, Antonio David, you're not going to
come to me with a lawsuit you've lost.
Come on, you've even lost the envelope.
The envelope has also been denied.  Yeah,
man, of course.  In Andorra there is a
less orderly hour.
What you're not going to come to me with now is
an acquittal, Mara
Patio, and you're going to tell me that you haven't
lost because the judge thinks Mara
Patio is a liar.  Well yes, she will be
a liar.  Like almost all
journalists who cover the world of
entertainment and gossip, we
occasionally share a piece of gossip with a
bit of clickbait, but that's not a
crime, that is, it's not a crime.  Mara Patio
acquitted.  You have won, Chinon.  There is no more.
No, they told me that I can
take the civil route.  Yes, yes, if you
can take the civil route, the
M30, and you can make a
YouTube video and you can
also give the Quicky channel a strike like that,
but you've lost the judge, you've
lost it.  The judge will tell you whatever you
want, all the avenues you can
take, but you've
lost your mind, come on, you've lost your
mind from start to finish.  There is no more.  These
are things that people really can't
manipulate, man.  These are things that
cannot be manipulated; people cannot be manipulated
.  I mean, no, [ __ ].  Damn, if
we respect justice, we always respect it
.  I have lost trials that
I have not agreed to lose.
I have lost trials that
seemed like an outrage to me, but since this
is what a judge said, this
must be followed.  Bu, it's not going to be for
justice, it's going to work when we
like it.  No, it can't be.
Man, I'm laughing at the people
who follow us, man.  Copito, well, I know better than
you that they're pulling the wool over your eyes, I mean, there's no other option
.  An acquittal that
was also confirmed by the
Provincial Court.  Absolutory.  I tell you through
all the judges that the acquittal has been passed
.  Well, look, the
first thing has gone through an
investigation phase because it is a penalty.  In the
investigation phase, the
investigating judges decided that the
Roco Flores case was the case, that the owners of the
TV factory were the case, and that of
the two crimes Mara is accused of, and that
Mara Patio wants to report one of them, they
rejected it.  They admit one, that of
slander.  Well, now another
judge, the first instance judge, comes in and
they hold the trial, and the judge finds
Mara Patio guilty, and then they appeal to
Antonio David, and we go to the
provincial court, and in the Provincial Court, there
are three judges who say that Mara
Patio is innocent.  Tell all the
judges what that has been through.  The
seven judges.  Man, no, dude.  I
mean, no no no no.  Mara Patio has won
.  You can color it however you
want, but of course, people appear here
in the chat saying that
what Mara Patio said is a lie.  Man,
no, man, no, we can't lie
to people either if we want
credibility at another time.  It may not be a
crime, but it destroys a person who has committed a
crime, but for many it is not fair.
We may like it more or less, Dolores,
but it doesn't destroy you that they
lie about you either.  I mean,
seven channels lie about me, every single
afternoon.  Seven channels and 40
Twitter accounts, but that doesn't really break me
.  I actually don't give a
damn about it.  Peppa, your generosity
touches me.  You're behaving
wonderfully with Peppa today.  I really
appreciate it.  You're doing wonderfully with the
PPA.  Oh, in the end,
in the end, man, I mean, we
defend people for certain
reasons and then they fall into the same
issues, right?  I mean, we criticized the
TV company because it manipulated this,
manipulated that, uh, they gave
a sentence a double meaning, I don't know what, and
now we're not going to defend the
same thing.  No, no, we are not going to
defend manipulation.  For God's sake, you've
lost your mind.  How the hell are you going to say you
won?  And if it goes
civilly, Rosario, if it goes civilly, it's
a new lawsuit, it's not the same one.  If he
goes through civil proceedings, it's another lawsuit he
'll have to file, and I don't even know if he has enough
time.  Come on, I'll tell you if it's on
time.  Come on, I'll tell you.
Look, he's just in time.  She's just in
time because, look, the
case regarding Mara Patio's posters in Socialit
was on October 31, 2021. That
's four years, and she has until October 31
to file that lawsuit.  Summer doesn't
count, okay?  I mean, you have to put it on
now.  But let's say that if he files a civil lawsuit, it
's a different lawsuit.  And what
are you going to sue for in civil proceedings?
That Mara Patio was wrong and said
that it was Antonio Virgn who hung the
posters.  Well, yes, yes.  Let's see, I'll
tell you one thing, okay?  I mean,
aside from what I'm
telling you, for me, this is my personal opinion,
Javi Oliveira, who's not a lawyer or
jurist or anything like that, for me
what Mara Patio said should have
some kind of consequence because it was
outrageous and it was a humiliation.  I
mean, you can't say that a man who
your production company is also
branding as an abuser all over the country
and labeling him as an abuser every day
for four months, because of
course, since all of this is being discussed
every day on TV, every day there are
headlines in all the media, not
just on Tele5, in all the media,
even in the digital media, every
day there are headlines about how abusive he
is, okay?  And now you take Socialit
a few months later and
invent that Antonio David is the one
putting up the posters because there's a trial
where he's been proven by cameras
and witnesses.  Man, for me there
should be a consequence.  Whether you
have it or not.  Well, I doubt it, I don't know,
honestly.  I doubt it.  Okay, maybe I can
win it civilly.  For me,
this act may have violated Antonio David's honor.  For me, it
may have violated his honor because he
is accusing him of a rather
shameful act.  For me there should be a
conviction.  Okay, now that I'm going to see it, I
doubt it, I doubt it, I really don't know.   It
depends on the judge who appoints him, as he
sees fit, but perhaps civil, which in the
end we've talked about
many times, civil are the lawsuits
that have been filed against me, which I have
lost.  The civil claim is ultimately a
person claiming money from another person,
a producer, or a company.
Because?  Because you've damaged my image and
I think you owe me money.  That's the
civil one, okay?  That is, the civil case is not that
I denounce someone because they have
committed a crime, because we play with
the headlines and interpret them.  No, civil
is not a crime.  Civil is not someone
committing a crime against you.  Civil is that I
consider that he has done me harm and that
harm can only be repaired with
money.  That's the civil one.  Civil is like
if I have sex with my neighbor in the garage,
when I leave I scratch his car and my neighbor
asks me to pay for the car, to pay for
the scratch and I tell him I won't
pay, almost without meaning to.  And then he says,
"Well, the insurance companies can't
agree and they're going to a
civil trial."  That's a civilian.  Okay, we
often see headlines about
convictions, eh, groundbreaking sentences, I don't know
what civil case it is that you're asking me for money.
Spot.  No, there is no crime.  You can't
do it, man, really.  I mean, if we're
condemning and criticizing the
manipulations of a site, we're not going to
come here now to manipulate.  I
mean, it doesn't make any sense.
For me, that's laughing at people.
For me that's laughing at people.  If
I wanted to go through the civil route I would have already
gone.  Well, but maybe since he has
time, maybe he didn't want to
do it.  has wanted to try criminal proceedings.  And
now, now.  Eh, the thing
about civil matters is that I might have
better luck with civil matters, okay?  But in
civilian life you risk it at the cost.  What does
that mean?  This super chat for my
sad captain.  A kiss, queen.  We're
almost halfway through the second challenge.
Second challenge.  Eh, eh, if I ask for 120,000
in a civil proceeding, if I ask for
120,000, if I lose, if they dismiss my
claim and don't rule in my favor, I'm going to have to
pay the costs.  The costs
of 120,000 are probably 20,000 or
30,000
[Music]
Yeah.